Game Name: Terrance Runner
Game Description: As you play as Terrance, adrenaline is up as you are in a high-speed chase where every second counts. As you are constantly moving left and right, jumping, wall-running, sliding, grappling (maybe even rocket jumping?), there are deadly turrets that strategically placed to try to stop you. However, you are equipped with with a weapon to shoot back while moving. Your quick reflexes and sharp aim are your main allies as you blast through obstacles, dodging incoming fire while unleashing some ammunition of your own. With each turret destroyed, the intensity ramps up, testing your skills and nerve to the limit.
In relation to the the final rubric, we are aiming for extra credit. We plan to implement generative AI and game state machines when we work on the turrets regarding where they spawn in relation to the player and in what range the player has to be in to be able to shoot at. Also, we want our game to look sick. We want to incorporate a couple of custom shaders to give our game a look like no other. We are thinking something futuristic. 
Group Organization: Ronan is primarily responsible for map creation and Daniel is responsible for the shaders that can be added throughout the map. We will both work on the logic that goes behind the turrets in person together. We found this to the most effective regarding our time since we are not together all the time. Since we are mainly making the game on Ronan’s computer, Daniel can work on the shaders on his own time on his own computer, while Ronan can make the map. The movement and weapon mechanics seem to be working as intended which saved us a lot of time. When we are together, we collaborate to make the turrets work as intended as this is what we are struggling the most with currently.
Game Status: Since the movement and weapon mechanics are down, we have a lot of time to keep adding to the map and work on the turret logic. 

Assets Used:
CowSins FPS Engine
